Our Policies for Individual Room Reservations
ROOM RATES are published on our "Rates & Reservations" page. Room Rates are guaranteed through the duration of your reservation. Applicable New Mexico Gross Receipts tax and Lodgers tax are added at check-out.

 

ROOM RATES  ARE BASED ON DOUBLE OCCUPANCY - TWO GUESTS
$20.00 ADDITIONAL FEE CHARGED PER GUEST PER NIGHT OVER TWO GUESTS

Room rates & additional guest fees include the Casa Benavides gourmet breakfast each morning in our Guest Dining Room between the hours of 7:00 AM and 9:30 AM Mountain time.  Entering the correct number of guests when completing your online reservation is required. You MUST call to reserve a room more than 7 nights.

​

Discounts - Casa Benavides is a small family operated business and unable to offer any discounted rates. We do not participate in AARP or AAA travel membership programs, nor do we offer Government or Military discounts.

​

Check-In:  3:00 PM to 7:00 PM Mountain Time

Advance notice is required to gain access to your room for early or late check-in.

Additional fees may apply.

​

Check-Out: 11:00 AM Mountain Time

Extended Check-Out time is available by calling the front desk. Additional fees WILL apply.

​

Deposit: One night minimum on all reserved rooms.

50% deposit on all room reservations over one night.

 

Cancellations:
Must be made at least 15 days prior to reservation date to receive a refund of deposit. Cancellations made less than 15 days prior to arrival will forfeit the deposit.  

​

No Smoking: Casa Benavides is a non-smoking, non-vaping facility.  Smoking/vaping is permitted only outdoors on the Casa Benavides property at a single location. 


Guest Criteria: Children are welcome. We have a No Pet Policy.

 
Payment: Cash, Checks, Visa, Master Card, American Express, or Discovery

 

Group Reservations:

Reservations of  4 rooms or more are available for conferences, meetings and event, however they cannot be made using our automated reservation system.  Please call for details.